Add docs to explain the blocked-ip-address case (#26445)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/services/inferred_services.md

`peer.rpc.system` | `rpc.system`
`peer.service` | `peer.service`

> **Note**: peer attribute values that match ip addresses formats (e.g. `127.0.0.1`) are quantized and redacted with `blocked-ip-address` to avoid noise and tagging metrics with high cardinality dimensions. As a result, you might find some `blocked-ip-address` services show up as downstream dependencies of your instrumented services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Peer attribute values that match IP address formats (for example, 127.0.0.1) are modified and redacted with `blocked-ip-address` to prevent unnecessary noise and tagging metrics with high-cardinality dimensions. As a result, you may encounter some `blocked-ip-address` services appearing as downstream dependencies of your instrumented services.
```
